Arrest occured ~1:00am August 1st.

On July 30th I was working as a bike courier delivering food for Postmates. In the early afternoon my route took me by Washington and Sansome where AbolishICE was holding a block party. I was told I was welcome to join the party, that they were protesting ICE. There were also officers on the scene (afternoon Tuesday) and I spoke to them a bit. They said these block parties happen often and that these block parties usually last till Sunday before the police shut them down.

I finished my deliveries at 1:52am July 31st. I went home, slept in, ran some errands, and went back to the protest at 11:30pm Wednesday July 31st. Everyone at the protest was very friendly. They had food and a band playing. At midnight they set up karaoke.

The karaoke set-up was quite nice. There was an inflatable projector screen with an intake pump and an outtake hole, similar to a bouncy castle. In front of the screen was a table with a projector and a dj using a Windows PC and Youtube to play the songs. They were all plugged in to a gas generator. 

I went up for my turn at karaoke at ~1:00am. I queued up Santeria by Sublime and was given a megaphone. At this point the police lined up.

The policed lined up shoulder to shoulder across Washington street. They spanned the width of the street. They began walking forward and I started singing my song. One of the officers trampled the projector screen. I don't know the words to Santeria but I wanted to keep singing so I repeated the first verse. When the officers reached me they grabbed the megaphone and pushed me to the ground. At this point things become fuzzy, I'm not certain on the chronology of the 2 paragraphs worth of events.

At one point some officers kicked my knees in and pushed me to the ground on my back. I was in a matrix pose. I continue to repeatedly sing the first verse of Santeria. One of the officers yelled "stop resisting" and I yelled back "I'm not resisting. I'm just not cooperating". I believe my head hit the ground here. I am still singing. 

At one point some officers rolled me over on to my stomach and knelt on my lower back. Here they ziptied my hands. I am still singing. As they picked me up the zipties broke. I yelled some taunt about the officers not being able to cuff properly, I do not remember the exact phrasing. I am still singing. Some officers push me onto the ground face first. My head hits the ground. One of the officers shoved his knee into my ear, turning my head to the side and forcing it into the gravel. I am still singing.

Some officers shove me into the back of the truck with the other protestors that were arrested. The other protestors ask me to stop singing and I comply. We arrive at a police station. The protestors all get out, are ID'd, and processed. I do not have ID on me. When they ask me for my info I state "I refuse to identify myself". They lock me up in the truck alone. I start singing the first verse of Santeria.

Again I am unsure of the chronology of these next events: The officers leave me in the van for a time. I am still singing. They pull me from the van head first and attempt to take my picture. I roll over and again state "I refuse to be identified". I am still singing. We drive around. Park. Drive around park. I believe we stop at another police station and I'm removed again. I am still singing. I am still stating "I refuse to be identified" when they ask me to identify myself. I am brought to a hospital emergency room.

I am brought into the emergency room by two officers. One of the officers is shorter, The other has a mustache. I believe they are the arresting officers on my arrest ticket. An image of which I have submitted as evidence. One officer's badge number is 1924. The other officer's name is Guzman. I got this information from the Notice to Appear that was given to me when I left. It is ticket number SD0083805 and the name on the ticket is John Smith. I do end up giving my name. I watched the sheriff deputy write the name John Smith after I had given my name.

I am brought into the emergency room by two officers. I am still singing. A nurse takes my vitals. The two officers are with me. I am still handcuffed. I am still singing. I am brought in to another room. Here a doctor comes to take a look at me. He asks if I've done any drugs. I state no. He asks if my wrists are ok, I say the cuffs are too tight and they are bleeding and oozing pus, he asks me what I would like him to do, I state I would like my wrists bandaged, he asks me to please stop singing, I state I will stop singing if he will give a doctors order that bandages must be wrapped around my wrists while the handcuffs are on.

The doctor tells the officers my wrists must be bandages while the handcuffs are on, I stop singing, the officers remove my handcuffs with warning not to run, the doctor bandages my wrists, and handcuffs are put back on. I do not remember if blood was drawn or a drug test was performed. I do not remember one happening but I would be surprised if one did not occur.

Once the handcuffs were put back on I resumed singing. I am still singing when the officers load me back in the van. Pulling out of the hospital and the following drive is very rough with a lot of sharp turns. We stop at a red light. I am still singing. I yell out to the officer something along the lines of "Is that the best you can do". When we move on from the red light the ride from the back seat has returned to normal. At some point we get to the sherriff's department. I am still singing.

When I am brought in to the sherrif's department there are a couple of officers there to receive me. There is [NEUE-], the officer that later punches me in the face. He is between 5'8" and 5'11", under 180lbs, white, has short black hair that has been styled, and is clean shaven. There is [BIG BLACK OFFICER], the officer that later sprains my hand. He is 6'5", between 300 and 400lbs, dark brown skin, short hair, and a beard. There is [GRIZZLED OFFICER], this officer later participates in moving me to and from the different cells. He is 5'11", 200lbs, white, has no hair on his head, and has stubble. There is [LITHE OFFICER], this officer later watches the booking take place. She is 5'10" - 6'0", 150lbs, light-to-medium brown skin, and either buzzed head or short hair styled in twists. There is the [SHERRIFF DEPUTY], this officer I believe was the sherriff deputy at the time the arrest was taking place, he's also the officer that later filled out the arrest ticket with the name John Smith. He was older, maybe 60, light to medium brown skin, and remained sitting in a chair for most of the time. There are also the two officers that were at the hospital. The sherriff pokes his head in then leaves by the back door. I am still singing.

The officers attempt to take my picture. I look away and state "I refuse to be identified". The officers try to fingerprint me. I do not let the officers open my hands and I state "I refuse to be identified". [SHERRIFF DEPUTY] looks me up and down and says "You think you can just come in and change the system? We will break you." [NEUE-], [BIG BLACK OFFICER], [GRIZZLED OFFICER], and the two arresting officers all grab me and throw me into a cell. I have not stopped singing since leaving the hospital. 

The 5 officers come to grab me again. Again I state "I refuse to be identified", again I look away from the camera and again I do not let the officers open my hands. The bring me back to a holding cell. On the way back to the holding cell [GRIZZLED OFFICER] has my left hand and [BIG BLACK OFFICER] has my right hand. They both have grabbed me by my fingers, have my elbows pronated, have my wrists forced to >90 degrees, and are forcing me to bend over at the waist. While I am in this position, still singing, walking back to the cell [BIG BLACK OFFICER] starts twisting my hand. I shout "Hey officer on the right that was uncalled for." He leaves my hand twisted but does not twist it further. 

We get to the cell. My knees are kicked in, a hand on the back of my neck forces me to the ground. I am kneeling bent over in a fetal position. One of the officers now tells me "get on the ground, get on the ground". [NEUE-] walks to in front of me and punches me in the face on my right eye. I yell "Did you see that? This officer just punched me! That was unprovoked!". My legs are pulled out from under me and a foot steps on my lower back forcing it to the floor. My bandages are removed and my hands are re-cuffed. I do not remember being uncuffed but I believe it was the first time they placed me in the holding cell. I state "I need those bandages. The doctor ordered you to leave on those bandages". I am still singing. 

The officers leave me in the holding cell again. I am still singing. The officers come and grab me by the fingers again and take my booking photo. [LITHE OFFICER] is there. The sherriff is nowhere to be found. They take my booking photo by grabbing my hair, putting fingers in my eyes, and pulling my head back. I am still singing. They try to fingerprint me. They are still unable to open my hands. They force me into a chair and a doctor comes up, takes my vitals, and asks me a few questions. Some I choose to answer. Some I choose not to. They bring me back to a cell and unhandcuff me. I am still singing.

They officers put me in a new holding cell. They remove my handcuffs. I am still singing. I continue to sing for four hours. The officers that took my booking photo go home. Other officers come around. When I ask for a phone call I do not get one. When they come around with breakfast I do not get any. They put other people in the cell with me. One of them farts a lot. None of them ask me to stop singing. 

I continue to ask for a phone call. I do not get one. When they come around with lunch they do give me lunch. My voice finally dies. A different batch of officers comes by and asks to take my fingerprints. I state I refuse to be identified and they leave. More people come in the holding cell, one of them is nice enough to explain how the phones work. You get a phone code and can make calls to local 415 numbers using the phone code. I ask for a phone code. They refuse to give me one. Everyone else in the holding cell has a phone code. One of them lets me use theirs. I attempt to call my lawyer, I do not get an answer.

The [SHERRIFF DEPUTY] comes by. He tells me if I do not identify myself by 6pm they will move me to C7 jail. He tells me I do not want to be in C7 jail. I state "I refuse to identify myself". He tells me they will take my clothes and put me in an orange jumpsuit and that it can take ages to get my clothes back. He tells me I am not allowed to eat dinner until they move me to C7.

6pm comes and goes. They come around with dinner. I ask for dinner. They tell me I'm not allowed food until they move me to C7. More people are added to the cell. They get dinner. I ask for dinner. Again I'm told I'm not allowed dinner until I am moved to C7. 

A man gets added to the holding cell. He says he has bail he just needs to be processed. He is going to his little daughter's birthday and he is going to miss it. [BIG BLACK OFFICER] tells him they must process everyone in order and I still haven't been processed. I tell them to take my fingerprints. At this point I have been awake over 36 hours. The lights have been on all day. I fail to take into account that it is passed dinner and no little girls birthday party is going to be happening this late. I succumb to the torture. 

An officer leads me to the fingerprint station. [NEUE-], [BIG BLACK OFFICER], [GRIZZLED OFFICER], and a bunch of others are all there. They are cheering and celebrating. I remember them holding red cups but I do not know if that's a fake memory, after being awake for 48 hours it can be difficult to separate your impression of an event versus what actually happened. I turn around and try to leave. 

They let me leave and put me into the smallest holding cell with 9 other individuals. [SHERRIFF DEPUTY] comes by and tells me I've already lost. I've already agreed to get my fingerprint taken. There's no use in going back. They have it recorded. I'm a failure. But don't worry. All they need are my fingerprints. Once they take my fingerprints I can leave. No bail, no ticket, it'll be like it never happened. Again I cave.

He leads me to the fingerprint machine. They take my fingerprints. He turns to me and tells me he is now going to take my picture. I'm tired exhausted have already given up, but I still have some fight left in me. I tell him no, he told me they only needed to take my fingerprints. Put me in the cell again and come back in an hour. So they do, and they take my picture. 
